feat: 0.4.0 setup with askar and indy-sdk (#105)
hyperledger/aries-javascript-docs: guides/tutorials/postgres-database-nodejs/windows.md

1. Download and install Visual Studio Community Edition 2022
1. Install git for windows

> 1. Download rust for windows [here](https://www.rust-lang.org/en-US/install.html)

Reviewer: This is supposed to be numbered list, right? If yes, we will have to update the list numbers (2, 3, 4)

Author: In markdown, numbered lists are added automatically if you give all items a 1. prefix. It's handy for when you change the order / add / remove items, as you don't have to update the numbers

> 1. Make sure you have already setup alibindy for windows from [here](../../getting-started/indy-sdk/windows)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Make sure you have already setup a libindy for windows from [here](../../getting-started/indy-sdk/windows)
```
